"trap them music" by spider / myd! in memory of vernunftmensch. additional
graphics by retrofan. original graphics by j-snake. code, music and font by
spider.
This is a collection of all the music I made for Vernunftmensch while he was
working on his C64 port of "Trap Them". I must admit I don't know which versions
of the tunes he managed to build into the last version and which not. But these
are the final versions of all songs that I sent to him. All tunes except
"Introduction" are 2 SID voices only, because the third sid voice was
reserved for SFX. There were two songs that I named for this collection that
were only named "owntune01" and "owntune02" before, because the other ones
had the original soundtrack of the PC version as template. this whole project
was kind of super crazy and often times all the sceners who participated
in helping vernunftmensch lost their minds over the kind of strange ideas
he had for this project. but he was really passionate about it and kept on
going against all odds. I remember one time finally meeting him at a bunker
party and he was such a nice guy and it was a pleasure to spend time with him.
And it's often the case when we "meet" people online that we forget that
there is a complete human being behind our online "personas". and yeah,
people called me out for being a "materialist" - but for me it's really
something special to meet folks i only know from the internet in the RL aka
real life. i'm glad that i had the opportunity to meet vernunftmensch.
everything about his passion that may have looked silly from the distance of
the internet wasn't that silly anymore when meeting him. he lived his dream.
he wanted to port this game to C64 and he did everything in his power to
do so. for that he has earned my honest respect. and if there is a heaven
and if there is a god i'm really looking forward to meet vernunftmensch again
in the golden city of new jerusalem. and if not: he left a lasting impression
on me - of someone who is really dedicated to one thing. and i'll keep that
impression as a treasure in my heart as long as i live. thank you helmut!
i am happy that i could contribute a little part to your dream!
